Update astro cicd doc to include gitlab (#605)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

1. Set the following environment variables in your project. Variables can be set under Project Settings >> CICD >> Variables:

    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-key-id>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-key-secret>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-astro-deployment-id>`
   
2. Go to the Editor option in your project's CI/CD section and commit the following:

   <pre><code parentName="pre">{`---
      astro_deploy:
      stage: deploy
      image: docker:latest
      services:
       - docker:dind
      variables:
         ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
         ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET
      before_script:
       - apk add --update curl && rm -rf /var/cache/apk/*
      script:
       - curl https://goreleaserdev.blob.core.windows.net/goreleaser-test-container/releases/v${siteVariables.cliVersion}/cloud-cli_${siteVariables.cliVersion}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz -o astrocloudcli.tar.gz
       - tar xzf astrocloudcli.tar.gz
       - ./astrocloud deploy $ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID -f
      only:
       - main
   `}</code></pre>

### GitLab (Multiple Branches)

> To automate code deploys to a Deployment using [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), complete the following setup in your GitLab repository that hosts an Astro project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automate code deploys to Astro across multiple environments using [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), complete the following setup in your GitLab repository that hosts an Astro project:
```

1. Set the following environment variables in your project. Variables can be set under Project Settings >> CICD >> Variables:

    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-dev-key-id>`
    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-dev-key-secret>`
    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-dev-astro-deployment-id>`
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-prod-key-id>`
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-prod-key-secret>`
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-prod-astro-deployment-id>`
   

>    >IMPORTANT: When creating variables that will be used in branches other than `main`/`master`, you will need to either protect the branch they are being used in (i.e. `dev`) or uncheck the `Protect variable` flag when creating the variable. For more information on protected branches, review GitLab's official docs [here](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/protected_branches.html#configure-a-protected-branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution

When you create environment variables that will be used in multiple branches, you may want to protect the branch they are being used in. Otherwise, uncheck the `Protect variable` flag when you create the variable in GitLab. For more information on protected branches, see [GitLab documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/protected_branches.html#configure-a-protected-branch).

:::
```

   
2. Go to the Editor option in your project's CI/CD section and commit the following:

   <pre><code parentName="pre">{`---
      astro_deploy_dev:
        stage: deploy
        image: docker:latest
        services:
          - docker:dind
        variables:

>             ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
>             ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
            DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET
```

Should these be prod/dev specific too?

Author: @paolaperaza I actually thought the same thing initially, but what it's doing is setting the environment variable for the astrocloud cli so that I can login and deploy. So to answer your question directly, no they shouldn't be prod/dev specific.

Reviewer: @pohek321 Oh I see. The Dev/Prod difference is defined at the GitLab level, not on Astro. Resolving!

        before_script:
          - apk add --update curl && rm -rf /var/cache/apk/*
        script:
          - curl https://goreleaserdev.blob.core.windows.net/goreleaser-test-container/releases/v${siteVariables.cliVersion}/cloud-cli_${siteVariables.cliVersion}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz -o astrocloudcli.tar.gz
          - tar xzf astrocloudcli.tar.gz
          - ./astrocloud deploy $DEV_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID -f
        only:
          - dev
      
      astro_deploy_prod:
        stage: deploy
        image: docker:latest
        services:
          - docker:dind
        variables:

>             ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
>             ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
            PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET
```

Author: @paolaperaza same as previous comment

      event:
      - push
    `}</code></pre>

### GitLab

To automate code deploys to a Deployment using [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), complete the following setup in your GitLab repository that hosts an Astro project:

> 1. Set the following environment variables in your project. Variables can be set under Project Settings >> CICD >> Variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In GitLab, go to **Project Settings** > **CI/CD** > **Variables** and set the following environment variables:
```

    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-key-id>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-key-secret>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-astro-deployment-id>`
   
2. Go to the Editor option in your project's CI/CD section and commit the following:

   <pre><code parentName="pre">{`---
      astro_deploy:
      stage: deploy
      image: docker:latest
      services:
       - docker:dind
      variables:
         ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: $ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID
         ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: $ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET
      before_script:
       - apk add --update curl && rm -rf /var/cache/apk/*
      script:
       - curl https://goreleaserdev.blob.core.windows.net/goreleaser-test-container/releases/v${siteVariables.cliVersion}/cloud-cli_${siteVariables.cliVersion}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz -o astrocloudcli.tar.gz
       - tar xzf astrocloudcli.tar.gz
       - ./astrocloud deploy $ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID -f
      only:
       - main
   `}</code></pre>

### GitLab (Multiple Branches)

To automate code deploys to Astro across multiple environments using [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), complete the following setup in your GitLab repository that hosts an Astro project:

> 1. In GitLab, go to **Project Settings** > **CICD** > **Variables** and set the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In GitLab, go to **Project Settings** > **CI/CD** > **Variables** and set the following environment variables:
```
